Fix dead link to Rust source (#13329)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/api/standard_library_types.md

* Floats are validated as-is.
* String and bytes are attempted to be converted to floats and validated as-is.

>   (see the [Rust `dec2flt` source](https://doc.rust-lang.org/src/core/num/float_parse.rs.html) for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (see the [Rust implementation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/src/core/num/float_parse.rs.html) for details).
```

>   (see the [Rust `dec2flt` source](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/library/core/src/num/dec2flt/mod.rs) for details — the old doc.rust-lang.org/src/ path was retired).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (see the [Rust `dec2flt` source](https://doc.rust-lang.org/src/core/num/float_parse.rs.html) for details).
```
